Update FOCUS converter documentation for 1.2-preview specification (#1823)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/focus/convert.md

| ContractedUnitPrice        | UnitPrice                                                                                          | None                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| EffectiveCost              | CostInBillingCurrency                                                                              | If ChargeType == "Purchase" or "Refund" and PricingModel == "Reservation" or "SavingsPlan", then `0`; otherwise, use CostInBillingCurrency.                                                                                                                                               |

> | InvoiceId                  | InvoiceId                                                                                          | None (renamed from x_InvoiceId in FOCUS 1.0 to InvoiceId in FOCUS 1.2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| InvoiceId                  | InvoiceId                                                                                          | New in FOCUS 1.2. Renamed from x_InvoiceId.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

| Tags                       | Tags                                                                                               | Wrap in `{` and `}` if needed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

_¹ Quantity in Cost Management is the consumed (usage) quantity._

_² While RegionName is a direct mapping of ResourceLocation, Cost Management and FinOps toolkit reports do additional data cleansing to ensure consistency in values based on the [Regions data file](../toolkit/open-data.md#regions)._

**Note for FOCUS 1.1 users:** The following columns were added in FOCUS 1.1:
- `CapacityReservationId`
- `CapacityReservationStatus`
- `CommitmentDiscountQuantity`
- `CommitmentDiscountUnit`
- `ServiceSubcategory`

> - `SkuMeter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SkuMeter` (renamed from `x_SkuMeterName`)
```
